[DRAFT] Updates to data licensing / terms language (#290)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast.md

1. TOC
{:toc}

## Licensing
Our CovidCast data is freely available under our [licensing](README.md#data-licensing)

> terms. For specific licensing on individual indicators we suggest users to visit [indicator licensing](covidcast_licensing.md).

Reviewer: The link is a place holder until such a file exists.

> terms. For specific licensing on individual indicators we suggest users visit our [indicator licensing](covidcast_licensing.md) page.

Reviewer: Link is a place holder until such a file exists.

> Our CovidCast data is freely available under our [licensing](README.md#data-licensing)
> terms. For specific licensing on individual indicators we suggest users visit our [indicator licensing](covidcast_licensing.md) page.

Author: ```suggestion
Like all other Delphi Epidata datasets, the COVIDcast data is freely available to the public. Unlike other Delphi Epidata datasets however, our COVID-19 surveillance streams include data from many different sources, and data licensing is handled separately for each source. For a summary of the licenses used and a list of the indicators each license applies to,  we suggest users visit our [COVIDcast licensing](covidcast_licensing.md) page. Licensing information is also summarized on each indicator's details page.

```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like all other Delphi Epidata datasets, our COVIDcast data is freely available to the public. However, our COVID-19 surveillance streams include data from many different sources, with data licensing handled separately for each source. For a summary of the licenses used and a list of the indicators each license applies to, we suggest users visit our [COVIDcast licensing](covidcast_licensing.md) page. Licensing information is also summarized on each indicator's details page.
```
